Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
You're going to
tell me this one's
no big deal.
but let me tell you about
being lonely.
Humans are a social species.
We rely on connections
to survive.
Even the most basic
social interactions
help keep us alive.
Statistics prove
the subjective feeling
of loneliness
can increase the likelihood
of premature death by 26%.
If it sounds like I'm quoting
from a school textbook...
I am.
Too bad nobody
bothered to read it.
And let me tell you.
there's all kinds of ways
to feel lonely.
Matt. I was gonna do that.
I thought I'd get you started.
Your workday
seems to be getting
longer and longer.
Any news from Clay this morning?
I heard the stirrings.
Some. uh.
thumps and mutterings and such.
We need to get him
back to Dr. Ellman.
He won't take the meds.
but the talk therapy
was always helpful.
Aah! Feel like it was
more helpful for you
to have him doing it.
Yes.
It was helpful
to know that he was
talking to somebody.
What's wrong with that?
Not everyone shares
your passionate belief
that all problems
can be solved with words.
Christ's sakes. Matt.
you have a PhD in literature.
Your whole life is about words.
And how they complicate
everything.
He is in trouble.
and we need to help him.
He's acting out. yes.
We don't know
that he's in trouble.
There's a reason
the school's sending out
so many e-mails.
"Contagion."
"Suicide clusters."
A girl died. Lainie.
and he said
he barely knew her.
Hannah Baker didn't just die.
She slit her wrists
and bled out in a bathtub.
Clay.
I have to go to school.
I haven't made your lunch yet.
I'll buy lunch.
I'm not talking
the garden variety
lonely in a crowd lonely.
That's everyone. every day.
And it's not that
"When will I find love"
kind of lonely.
Or that "The popular kids
are mean to me"
kind of lonely.
The popular kids
are always mean.
That's how they get popular.
I know. Ironic.
Old news.
Hey!
Hey. what the hell?
What are you doing?
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
What the hell?
I can't get it open.
Why do you want to?
Because it's my locker.
I'm new. but I can't get
the combination to work.
Sorry. I'm sorry. Uh...
This locker used to belong
to a friend of mine.
Um. thank you.
The kind of lonely
I'm talking about
is when you feel
you've got nothing left.
Nothing.
And no one.
Like you're drowning.
and no one will
throw you a line.
Why did you do it?
Do what?
What you did to Hannah.
That was really fucked up.
What did you say?
I said thanks for helping me.
That was really nice.
Oh. Sure.
Which way is the science wing?
Uh. out those doors.
Take a left.
Well. when the
subject of this tape
worked his sneaky magic.
that's how I was feeling.
And when you're
that kind of lonely.
you reach for anything.
no matter how silly it may seem.
I'm sick of it. you know?
Just because I don't have
her skinny-ass body
doesn't mean I'm fat!
And communications class
could be supremely silly.
as you know.
Maybe she should try a diet.
Seriously. Pratters? Jesus!
I'm just saying. all right.
if you're getting
fat-shamed. then...
You know. don't be fat.
Mr. Pratters!
Pratters. that's like
someone saying to you.
"Don't be an idiot
and a dickwad."
Can't help it.
Exactly. Thank you.
Totally not on your side. dude.
All right.
people. so remember
the compliment bags.
Um. it's always best
to give a compliment
face to face.
but sometimes it's easier
to be anonymous.
All right. See you tomorrow.
I always feel stupid.
Looking?
Yeah.
These are the stupidest.
most embarrassing things
that I check every day.
no matter what.
Right.
Sometimes
the silly things can mean
more than anyone knows.
Get a good one?
Nothing earthshaking.
You?
Nada.
It's kind of soul-crushing.
you know?
Seriously?
He's Zach Dempsey.
Does he really need compliments?
We all need it.
Human contact.
And communications class.
crazy as it was.
was human contact for me.
Until someone in that class
cut my lifeline.
someone who is known
for being sweet.
I'll tell you who it is.
but you're going to
have to wait.
Just like I did.
You don't look so good.
I think I'm listening
to my tape.
You're finally gonna get
what you deserve.
It's about time.
What?
I said let me know
if you need to talk.
Any time.
Yeah. thanks.
I'm going to play
mind games with you.
just like you played with me.
No. No. I... I didn't.
No. I didn't.
It happened after
Valentine's Day.
when you really feel that
lack of human contact.
Especially when you
make contact with
the wrong human.
Get off me!
Don't touch me!
Get off!
Hey. what the fuck!
Get away from me.
That's a whole
new level of lonely.
But through it all.
you still want to believe
there are good guys
in the world.
♪ I and I
♪ Hold nothing as real
♪ As what you believe... ♪
You were kind that night.
You just sat there.
letting me ignore you
until it was almost comical.
♪ You know the world over
♪ It's people struggling... ♪
I'm sorry about Marcus.
He just...
He can just be such a dick.
You know?
Want to see a cool trick?
Bryce Walker taught me.
See. the thing is.
you gotta get
the positioning just
right.
I swear. Bryce has a
magnet face. He can keep.
like. five on at once.
It's crazy.
Okay.
You two want to order some food?
Hannah?
Do you want anything?
I mean. after all. it's...
It's still Dollar Valentine.
I think we're just gonna
take the check.
Are you kidding?
What's a couple of milkshakes?
After the way you played
on Saturday. it's on me.
Thanks. man. that's uh.
that's really nice.
Listen.
Take it easy.
Okay?
You'll feel better tomorrow.
You were so sweet.
Just like Kat said.
once upon a time.
So sweet.
Well. welcome to
your tape. Zach.
Yo.
Yo. Big "Z"!
Yo. dude! There he is!
For those
who aren't Zach.
you can relax.
For now. at least.
As for you. Zach.
I wonder if you ever felt
what it's like to be lonely.
Like I did that day.
Is it even possible to know
when you're one of the
most popular jocks
and not one of those kids who
sits alone in the cafeteria.
hiding behind a book?
Have you ever noticed us?
I can't get my strength!
Take a handful. boys.
Start passing these babies out.
Fuck me!
How many of these
did Daddy make you?
Enough to win the election.
Hey. I'll be right back. guys.
Hey.
Uh. what you reading?
A book.
Um...
Listen. about last night...
It's okay.
I'm over it.
Okay. this...
This isn't about Marcus.
I never got the chance
to say something.
The thing is.
you were the Valentine
I was hoping for.
What?
I was hoping that
I'd get your name on my...
You know. the Valentine
list thing.
Because I'm easy.
No.
Seriously. no.
Look...
The whole night.
with Marcus and everything.
I couldn't believe you were
on his list and not mine.
Zach...
I don't know if you're doing
this on a dare or whatever.
It's not a dare.
It's not.
I just...
I know you think every guy
likes you because
you've got this great ass.
But I like you for
so much more than that.
Oh. my God.
you're such an idiot.
What?
What'd I say?
The fact that
you don't even know.
I meant it as a compliment.
Zach. walk away.
Come on. I know why
you're pissed at Marcus...
Zach. go.
If you just gave
me a chance...
Leave me alone!
Yeah.
Okay. Sorry.
This shit that happens to you...
I think some of it
you bring on yourself.
Is that what you think?
Thanks for the insight. genius.
I was...
I was trying to be nice.
Well. you failed.
Well. fuck you.
Dude. seriously.
What's the point of even
attempting with that girl?
Yeah. been there. forgot that.
Don't you need
every vote. Marcus?
I don't need that one!
Guys. leave Zach alone.
He's just desperate to
lose it before his dad
has to buy him a hooker.
You get back here. young man!
Zachy!
Poor Zach!
Yo. Zachy!
You said something stupid. Zach.
and I yelled at you.
Big deal.
You should have let it go.
But you didn't let it go.
You didn't like that
someone told you no.
'Cause guys like you
get anything you want. right?
You're home early.
Hey.
Come sit with me a minute.
This isn't a talk. is it?
No talk.
We'll communicate
through semaphores.
I can see how you'd think
I'd be the one person
to laugh at that. but...
Where's your bike?
Uh...
I. uh. messed up the crank.
so I left it with Tony.
to fix it.
Listen.
About what you
heard this morning...
I didn't hear anything.
Well. if you did.
your mom and I.
we disagree on some things.
I didn't hear anything. Dad.
Honest.
She thinks maybe you're
having nightmares again.
And if you are.
and if you want to talk
to someone about them.
someone who doesn't
share your DNA.
I'll...
I'll let you know.
Look. I hated high school.
I couldn't wait to get out.
It was hell for me.
I was a target.
more than once.
Shit.
I'm sorry. Dad.
But I survived.
And look at me now.
I'm a paragon of manhood.
With a fucking beautiful family.
Yeah.
You did all right.
What I'm saying...
I had things to hang on to.
I had chess club.
I had Knowledge Bowl...
See. now you're
embarrassing yourself. Dad.
Do you have something?
Does anything bring you joy?
Or just relief?
Your mom and I would feel
so much better
if you had something.
if you took more of
an interest in. you know.
school activities.
You know...
I was actually thinking of
going to the basketball
game tonight.
believe it or not.
I have. uh.
a friend playing.
Maybe you think
you deserve everything you get
and more.
Maybe you're just
used to hearing the cheers
of the crowd.
Clay.
What are you doing here?
It's a basketball game.
I'm here to show
some school spirit.
That's great.
Great. Clay.
I'm glad you're. you know.
feeling better.
Hey.
How's it going?
Everything's great. Marcus.
What the fuck are you
doing here. dude?
What's your play now?
Hey. guys.
Can I get a picture?
Nothing's going on. Tyler.
Just go away.
I seriously just wanted
a picture for the yearbook.
If they knew
the kind of pictures
you really took!
Hey.
These T-shirts look great.
Uh. I'm glad you approve.
Mr. Porter.
I appreciate all the hard work
you guys put into it.
Mr. Down.
would you get a picture
of us for the yearbook?
Yeah.
Clay. what are you doing?
Get off the court.
Jensen. get off
the fucking court.
What the hell. Jensen?
Game's about to start.
Hey. you!
Get off the court!
Get off the court. Go.
Hey. skinny kid.
get the hell off the court.
Clay. you okay?
Do you care?
Where the hell's Jessica?
She texted me.
She was babysitting her brothers
and had to wait
till her mom got home
to leave.
Well. we can't wait for her.
Okay. ladies. let's go!
Maybe you can't imagine
what it feels like
to be on the sidelines. Zach.
like most of us are.
You can't imagine why a
little piece of paper
could mean so much.
Um. everybody. before you leave.
we've added an anonymous
class discussion bag
to the racks.
We're gonna check it every
Friday and talk it over.
You got another bunny?
I wish I would get one.
Still don't know
who they're from?
You got. like.
six compliments today.
I got a cartoon
and a campaign flyer
from Courtney.
Yeah.
You do realize
shilling for votes is not
a compliment. Courtney.
I'm sorry you
feel that way. Skye.
but I'm proud of my efforts.
and I wanted to share
that with the class.
Hey. Clay.
Go away. Tyler.
You know. I get that a lot.
Especially lately.
But today I'm on
official yearbook business.
Why are you even talking to me?
Because I want to see
what you're gonna do next.
You really messed Courtney up.
Not as much as you did to me.
Still...
The cemetery?
That's cold.
Does everybody know about that?
Everybody knows
about everything.
They know about your nightmares.
They know you beat off
to Hannah's picture.
And they know what
you did to her.
What is it?
What did I do?
What?
Clay?
Heads up.
Jensen. come on.
throw the damn ball.
Clay.
- Clay.
- Come on!
Come on.
what are you waiting for?
Throw the ball. dipshit.
Jesus. Clay. what the fuck?
Clay.
- Clay.
- We got a game. man!
Throw it in. loser!
Thanks for making me do that.
Uh-uh. No way.
You've been late to practice
twice this week.
Now you miss most of
first quarter?
I'm sorry.
I didn't know I was
going to be so late.
Jess. look. you got a problem.
come to me. we'll work it out.
But I'm sorry.
you're out of today's game.
Yo. Jess.
You're not leaving. are you?
I'm benched for the game.
Or didn't the entire gym
just hear that?
Well. if you're benched.
take a seat.
- Make some room. you guys.
- I don't know.
Come on. you don't
want to miss your
boyfriend's big game.
And
we're having fun up there.
Milady.
Maybe you don't know
what it's like to need a
lifeline. Zach.
The day after you insulted me
in the cafeteria.
my compliment bag was empty.
Not even a cute bunny.
By the end of the second week.
I knew something was up.
Maybe I should have let it go.
but I didn't.
I wrote you a letter.
I poured my heart out.
opening up about personal things
I hadn't had the courage
to admit to anyone:
How hard life was getting.
how lonely I felt.
and how those
stupid compliments actually
meant something to me.
And then I set my trap.
I was hoping once you read
the letter. you'd get it.
you'd realize how much I
needed those silly things
you were stealing from me.
But I guess I wasn't even
worth a reaction.
Why me. Zach?
Why me?
Wow. that's
double digits already.
Jeez.
Zach is on fire tonight.
Whoo!
Zach! Zach!
Oh-ho-ho-ho! Yeah!
Stop it!
Stop! Stop it!
Stop playing!
Stop the game! Stop!
Stop it! Stop. stop!
Is he crazy?
Why me. Zach?
Why me?
Stickin' it to the man!
Or. you know. one particular
man who's rich enough
and fucked-up enough
to get his asshole son
a $60.000 car.
Skye. what are you...
Are you at the game?
God. no!
Sculpture studio.
It's the only time I can
get the welding rig
away from the shop boys.
Were you at the game?
I was.
But it was so bad.
you had to leave
before halftime?
I can't...
I can't do this anymore.
This goddamn school.
it's a terrible place.
You're just now coming
to this realization?
Where have you been
for the past three years?
Oh. that's right.
pining after a pretty dead girl.
Why are you so mean?
I thought we were friends.
Were.
We were friends.
What happened?
I didn't understand it.
I still don't.
Yeah. well. welcome
to the world.
Well. I hate it.
Me too.
I like this new. angry.
Audi-keying Clay.
He's got spunk.
I think I'm losing my shit.
Shit's overrated.
Lose it.
I'm gonna be in so much trouble.
Not if no one knows you did it.
You won't tell?
Please. why would I tell?
I think it needs
a question mark.
Oh. shit.
Halftime. I should go.
I'll see you around?
Seems likely.
Hey. Clay.
Stay angry.
I was feeling desperate.
so I texted someone
I thought was a friend.
His Audi? You...
You don't fuck with
another dude's car.
I know.
I know. I just...
I listened to his tape.
And he just got away
with everything.
And he scored. like.
30 points tonight.
You keyed his car
'cause he scored 30 points?
No. because it's not fair. Tony.
It's not fucking fair.
Those tapes are messing me up.
They're doing shit
to my head.
I get it. I get it.
I don't think you do.
I do. Believe me.
This is all so easy for you.
You don't know
what you're talking about.
Then tell me.
You seem like
a tall vanilla latte.
I mean. for a drink.
Thanks.
I was just leaving.
Clay.
You're going to
get through this.
I don't know if I will.
He's one intense dude.
He's just going
through some shit.
Yeah. clearly.
And so are you.
Just tell me one thing...
Tell me all this
is not about a guy.
No. it's not.
It's about a girl.
I texted you. Jessica.
And you said you'd come.
And then you didn't.
Want me to clear these?
No. I'm waiting for someone.
Clay?
No. why?
Just seen you around with him.
Not here.
No.
I get it. Jess.
I gave you a ride home.
That didn't make us
friends again.
So I guess I didn't
have any friends
at all
anymore.
Clay! Wake up!
You need to come downstairs.
Clay?
Okay. coming.
Now. please.
Clay.
You remember Zach's mom.
Mrs. Dempsey.
She stopped by because
something happened
to Zach's car during
the game last night
and she wants to ask you
if you know anything about it.
Okay. it's time
to look at our anonymous
class discussion bag
and see what we have this week.
"Mrs. Bradley
has nice ankles."
Well. I'm not sure that it's
appropriate to objectify
anyone in this way.
and certainly not a teacher.
but. uh. in so far as this was
meant as a compliment.
thank you.
They're real
nice ankles. Mrs. B.
Moving on.
"What if the only way
not to feel bad
"is to stop feeling
anything at all. forever?"
Wow. Okay. um...
This is serious.
This is someone who's
in a great deal of pain.
Who would like to
open our discussion?
Any initial feelings...
You had to know
I wrote that note. Zach.
And you said nothing.
I think whoever wrote this
is just looking for attention.
Or maybe it's. like.
a call for help.
But then.
why not sign their name?
'Cause it's anonymous.
Maybe it's just a joke.
like someone's just fucking...
Sorry. Messing with us.
- Something.
- That's idiotic.
It's not a joke.
How do you know. Skye?
Because who would
joke about that?
Why don't you tell us. Skye.
You see what it was
written on?
Don't you work at Monet's?
So?
I don't have a monopoly
over the napkins there.
asshole.
Okay. okay. let's not
call people out. all right?
Whoever wrote it was in pain.
So what? They're in pain.
I'm in pain. High school's
painful. Get over it.
Okay. enough.
I think it was very brave
of this person to tell us
how they're feeling.
and I want them to know
that they are not alone.
There are lots of excellent
resources for people
struggling...
You let everyone
think it was Skye.
Why didn't you speak up?
I'm sorry.
but what makes you think
our son had anything
to do with this?
He was at the game.
acting strangely.
The ref had to kick him
off the court because he was
trying to harass my son.
But nobody saw
who keyed the car?
Kids get jealous.
I'm asking you
if anyone saw
who keyed the car.
I don't think
he was jealous.
You hush!
Look. I came here as
a courtesy. I could have
called the police.
Well. maybe you should.
Lainie.
No.
Maybe they should let
the authorities
figure out who did this
instead of coming here
pointing fingers and accusing
our son of vandalism.
I did it.
Just because our son doesn't
drive an expensive car...
That's not the point here.
I did it!
I did it. okay?
Karen. Zach.
why don't you come inside.
we'll sort this out.
I'd like to talk to Zach
for a minute. if I could.
Absolutely not.
Mom. please?
Two minutes.
Look. I...
I told her to forget about it.
I didn't want to come here
or anything like that.
I'm glad you did.
Let's go inside
and explain to your mom
why I keyed your car.
No. Clay. please.
Don't.
Why not?
Because.
Well. do your folks know?
About you and Hannah?
Why'd you do it?
I didn't think that
she'd react like that.
I mean. come on. Clay.
You knew her as well
as anybody else.
That girl was too much.
You knew she needed help.
When Mrs. Bradley
read that note...
I freaked. okay?
That letter.
That shit was heavy. and...
I didn't know what to do.
So you threw it away.
No.
No. I didn't.
Hannah lied about that.
Maybe that's what she saw.
I don't know. I freaked out.
But I never threw it away.
Holy shit.
Boys.
Coming.
I'm sorry. Clay.
I'll always be sorry.
Do you want to read it?
I don't think I could.
I don't think I ever could.
See. I have this theory. Zach.
I have this theory
that you're lonely too.
Could that be possible?
What kind of lonely could
the great Zach Dempsey
possibly feel?
Dempsey. what the fuck?
We gonna take
a long lunch or what?
Uh. yeah. I don't know.
Come on. man. we need you.
More than that.
we need your wheels.
I gotta go to bio. guys.
Why. so you can cry
about a frog again.
you fuckin' pussy?
I didn't cry.
Fuck you. man.
Maybe that kind
where you think
no one truly sees you.
I know that kind of lonely.
Do you?
"Why me?"
Why... Why would Clay
write that?
Clearly. someone has
singled him out somehow.
For what? Why would anyone
possibly pick on a kid
like that?
He said something
to me the other night.
He said. "What if
I'm the bully?"
That's not possible.
Are you sure?
Clay.
Your mom and I talked. and...
In addition to paying
for the damages to the car.
we do think there needs
to be some kind of
grounding situation.
Okay.
For at least two weeks.
Um...
I finished my half
of this project.
I have to give these tapes
to Tony by today.
Could someone drive me?
So...
Disappeared last night.
Yeah. That game got sad.
Zach's good. Whoo-hoo.
Who cares?
We left early.
Who's "we"?
Me and Bryce
and some other guys.
You couldn't have texted me?
Bryce said he texted you.
Yeah. he texted me to come over.
not that you were there.
I mean. I texted you
like four times.
You couldn't have hit me back?
You are so not one
to ask that. by the way.
I was in the hot tub. okay?
I didn't have my phone.
What's the problem?
You can live at Bryce's.
but I can't hang out there?
I don't live there now.
They're all yours.
I'm done.
Take 'em. Share 'em.
Release 'em to the world.
I don't give a shit.
Really? You...
You don't give a shit?
I can't...
I can't anymore.
I can't listen.
I can't hear it
in her voice.
People are just mean. Tony.
They're messed up.
Zach didn't throw away
the letter. you know that?
No. I didn't know that.
He showed it to me.
Asked if I wanted to read it.
And I couldn't
read it because
it's starting to
make sense to me.
why she did what she did.
I can help you through this.
Can you tell me why
I'm on the tapes?
You have to listen.
It's what Hannah wanted.
Yeah. yeah. I know.
What Hannah wanted.
What you're so sure of.
but you won't say how.
Huh?
Fine.
Forget you. then.
Let me help you.
What. like you've been
helping me so far?
No. thanks.
But look on the bright side.
you don't have to
follow me anymore.
No one knows
what's really going on
in another person's life.
And you never know how
what you do will
affect someone else.
Hey. Bryce. what's up?
Hey. Jensen.
And if that goes for me.
it must go for everyone.
Even cheerleaders.
Hey. Sheri.
How was the rest
of your weekend?
Sorry. what?
You were great at the game.
Jessica. Hey. how are you?
Hey. Clay.
Hey. Justin. good game
the other night.
What the fuck is going on?
Who knows anymore?
Can I have
your attention. please?
Hey. it's Hannah.
Hannah Baker.
That's right.
Don't adjust your
whatever device you're
hearing this on.
It's me.
Live and in stereo.
No return engagements.
no encore...
a huge
congrats to our Tiger team
for Saturday's win.
A special shout-out
to Zach Dempsey.
who crushed it with 28 points.
In other athletic news.
the Lady Tigers won their game
by a score of 54-32.
Thought you said
this wasn't a test.
'Cause this looks like a test.
It's not. Mr. Pratters.
I assure you.
It is a character-building
questionnaire that assesses
personal strengths
and weaknesses.
Excuse me. Mrs. Bradley?
Yes. Clay.
How important was it to you
to help Hannah Baker?
Extremely important to me.
Clay. Why do you ask?
Remember that note you got
in your bag last year?
The one about not
feeling anything anymore?
It was from Hannah.
Okay. uh. why do you
think that is?
Mrs. Bradley?
Yes?
Sorry to interrupt.
but I need Mr. Jensen.
Okay. Mr. Porter.
Clay. we can continue this
discussion at another time.
I have to say.
I'm a little surprised.
What? Why?
I know it's been a few weeks.
but you seem like
the type of kid to follow
through on a promise.
Don't worry. Clay.
I almost forgot too.
Forgot what?
Courtney and Clay.
these are our new
foreign exchange students
joining us this semester.
This is Jhene. Fynn.
Mahla and Deep.
Uh. Courtney and Clay
will be helping you out.
They are on the
Honor Board and they'll be
giving you the tour.
The insider's tour!
All the secrets that
you need to know.
Okay. great.
So as you can see.
it's one of the finest
high school parking lots
in the world.
Oh. and right here
is the library.
where you can find books
and tables and chairs
and all that stuff.
state-of-the-art computers.
at least if the art
was ten years ago.
and friendly librarians.
Not super bright always.
but friendly.
Oh. wait. everyone.
It's Justin Foley
and Zach Dempsey.
star basketball players
here at Liberty High.
Hey. Justin. where's my bike?
Justin stole my bike.
What the fuck?
What are you doing?
I'm giving our new foreign
exchange students a tour.
Figured they should know
who owns the school.
right. you guys?
Clay.
Right. right. Moving on.
Where were we?
Right. The auditorium.
Oh. oh. but before we go...
I want to show you
something super cool.
Okay?
Clay. cut it out.
Look at these lockers.
They all look alike. right?
Not this one.
This one is special.
It belonged to a girl
who killed herself.
Clay. come on.
You see all these
"don't kill yourself"
posters up on the wall?
They weren't up before.
They put them up
because she killed herself.
And why did she do it?
Because the kids here
treated her like shit!
Jensen. that's enough.
But no one wants to admit it.
so they paint over
the bathrooms
and put up a memorial.
because that's the kind
of school that this is.
Everyone is just so nice
until they drive you
to kill yourself.
And sooner or later.
the truth will come out.
It's gonna come out.
Right. Tony? Right?
You know the truth.
Clay.
I think you should
come with me right now.
Get to class. everybody!
All you. get to class.
Welcome to Liberty High.
Let's go.
Okay.
New game.
♪ Well. they blew the horns
♪ And the walls came down
♪ They'd all been warned
♪ They stood there laughing
♪ They're not laughing anymore
♪ The walls came down
♪ Sanctuary fades
♪ Congregation splits
♪ Nightly military raids
♪ The congregation splits
♪ It's a song of assassins
♪ Ringin' in your ears
♪ We got terrorist thinking
♪ Playing on fears ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today